Hello, everybody, welcome to Meltdown Conference in Hollywood, California.
Welcome to the Nerdmelt Theater.
Harmontown is now in session.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Welcome, welcome back.
So we're in Austin.
I have a little, I have a little cold, nothing contagious.
It's just, you know, everyone that has a cold is an expert at that.
Definitely not going to get you sick.
I'm just, if you're wondering why I sound a little more like Willie Nelson or David Duchovny.
Now you know why.
I'm looking at my phone.
I'm looking at what the shit we got to get through.
Because we got all kinds of friends coming to talk to us.
We're going to do the Southwest South, Southwest South.
The South by Southwest breakdown with our friend, Kumail, who we didn't get to see out there.
But I want to bring him out as soon as possible and just kind of download with him about Austin.
Kumail's photo was everywhere.
Yeah.
On the back of the pedicabs, little bicycle, Rickshaw thingies.
You could not move a muscle without seeing Kumail's gorgeous little face everywhere.
Because he's in this HBO thing.
They're promoting the hell out of it down there.
Holy smoke.
It was Orwellian.
Did the community ever get there?
At the exact place where you're taking off your shoes and having your ass searched by the TSA.
Kumail, not Johnny's head.
Staring over you in Austin.
Casting a rye glance at you as you were.
But before we get there, we don't want to torture him by talking about that while he's in the wings.
But I just wanted to, you know, here's our pop culture minute.
Pop culture minute.
Well, there's some things that everyone is talking about, but they're not of any actual import.
But everybody's talking about that because we live in a hive mind.
All right.
So this hive mind thing and its relationship with our individual lives and also the things that actually are important,
kind of intersect with this concept today.
This news that I woke to this morning on Twitter that Fred Phelps, the West Baptist Church fellow,
who's just famous for its God hates bag slogan, that he's on his death bed.
The reason we get that news is because his son said something on Facebook.
In the same Facebook message, his son threw out the idea that Fred Phelps had been excommunicated
from the West Baptist Church, for Westboro Baptist Church, for a year or more.
I started doing like a little Nancy Drew, Googling, because I was like, what do you mean he was excommunicated?
And I once, you know, I should care about more important things.
I should be Googling how to give Africa clean water.
And figuring it out. But instead I spent a good 40 minutes today going like,
well, when did Fred Phelps get excommunicated? What does that mean?
So it's really interesting to me.
There's a lot of straight gay advocates on Twitter today and I'm not taking anything away from them.
I'm not going to high road people who are high roading people.
This is a great chance for everybody to spike a football on the grave of an absolutely unrepentant homophobe.
Somebody who's the lightning rod for everything that we say is the reason why we need to be progressive,
like the whole idea.
And then you start peeling back the layers and you go, well, why was this guy famous?
I started reading blogs by, you know, advocates and, you know, gay bloggers.
I thought that would be funnier than it was.
Like this sort of spirit rose through the lard that was like, okay, let's do what this guy didn't do.
Let's not pick at his funeral. Let's not, let's not, let's look at this guy for what he was.
He was a crazy old man. He had a congregation of about 11.
And I think the reason why he was famous is because we all have this sort of impulse in our minds to protect ourselves and each other.
And it's like, and where has he been since this excommunication?
This is the point where I'll invite anybody who knows more about this than I do.
I just want to dump what I know on the table so that you're not coming up for no reason.
But was he excommunicated possibly because he found out he was dying and like most people wanted to just say before he went out,
sorry, I fucked up. I did that because I was angry and I, and no matter how many times I tell you, you're not going to live forever.
I realized right at the end that this is no joke.
You're saying that his church might have excommunicated him because he repented about not being homophobic?
These are the weird things is that his son, who's long since out of the church, like all of his sons, I believe,
Facebook said, well, my dad is on his deathbed and he's been excommunicated for a year.
And in the body of that Facebook entry, comments on the idea that the family won't let anyone talk to this guy.
They won't let anyone who's also excommunicated talk to him.
That's what made me go, what's going on here?
This is all just gossip and garbage. This isn't news.
To get excommunicated would be to not be as homophobic as you're supposed to be.
To come back on that stance.
That's what I'm asking. The guy that God hates fags, Colonel Sanders, is sick and dying and was apparently excommunicated a while ago
and no one can talk to him, including people who have also been excommunicated, which he is.
And I kept trying to untangle that and I spent 40 minutes and then I gave up.
So does anybody in the audience able to untangle any of that?
Okay, I see three heads shaking.
So that's good.
Now we imbue it with our mythology, which I believe is probably the uplifting part of that is
somewhere there's an old man dying.
Because in a properly functioning church you get excommunicated for saying the things that he said.
Your theory is that he might have been excommunicated because he stopped toe on the party line and stopped being a...
Here's my theory. It's not based on science at all. I don't care.
Because I'm a fan of story and character and mythology and this isn't news. This is gossip.
This guy was only ever famous. God bless everyone who made him famous
because this whole thing furthered, in my opinion, it's a catalyst.
It fires up gay rights advocacy when you look at somebody standing outside a navy funeral
with a sign that says God hates fags. That was the whole point of this.
It was iconography. This person didn't have tanks outside of Poland.
This person had a couple of fucking rednecks hanging out with him in his living room.
That was his congregation.
The interesting story about this as he dies and lies in his death bed is
is he dying in isolation? Does he actually want to say to somebody that he's sorry?
Is he being denied that? That's what's crazy to me. That's what's fascinating.
We have to find out. I hate mysteries.
We have that and the Malaysian plane looming over our heads right now.
Malaysian plane segments!
Play the Malaysian pink.
There's a plane that was flying and it disappeared and nobody knows where it went.
It's the new balloon boy. It's a Malaysian plane.
But it's more tragic because real human lives are happening.
Do you remember the balloon boy?
Here's the part of the balloon boy thing that I didn't remember and never knew about.
I was busy. I was making TV history somewhere when balloon boy was happening.
I was floating over the tree tops of Fox having a pitch meeting.
There's a balloon boy. There's a boy in the balloon and the balloon is floating all around.
I saw you shake your head at the audience and I saw them. I know you guys are all against me.
We were watching the balloon.
You're the balloon boy.
There's a Rick and Morty writer who pulled this up on the YouTube and showed us.
Do you guys remember when this happened that on CNN or something?
The moment when it broke that the balloon boy thing was a hoax, a deliberate hoax.
Not a hoax on the part of the kid but an engineered hoax on the part of the dad.
I didn't remember any of this. I didn't care about the balloon boy.
You're busy during certain public events.
He was never in the balloon, right?
He was never in the balloon. Then the dad was like...
There's a news clip. Does everyone see the...
With the fart?
Most of the...
I didn't know anything about this.
Kumail's shaking his head so that's good enough for me.
Are you shaking your head going, why are you trucking out the balloon boy?
No, I don't know what the fart does.
Okay, okay, good. That's what I thought.
Later on tonight, Kumail Anjiani will be our guest.
I have another reason to be upset. You now have a better Kumail impression than I do.
That was pretty good.
You walk a fucking tightrope, you do a Kumail impression because...
Kumail's career has become a monument to not fucking selling out,
not trading on the things that make him different from the people that are watching.
You know what I mean? I don't know if I'm not articulating that well enough,
but I remember early on him coming out,
every conversation I had with him talking about like,
oh yeah, I'll go for this audition. I won't go for that one.
Here's the meticulous reason why.
The fact that it pays off if you're smart and actually further...
Anyway, I'm embarrassing him.
The last thing you want to do is reward all of that by going like,
oh I'm Kumail, look at me.
But that will be the end result of everything
because if he becomes Woody Allen, then what happens?
Woody Allen.
You celebrate someone's...
Was that Kumail or Woody Allen?
All right, so just Google this, find it somehow.
They're on a couch, right?
They're all on a couch, they're all on a couch in a row.
And the dad is like, hey, why didn't you...
The CNN wants to know, why didn't you come out when you were hiding?
And the kid goes like, hi, you told us that it was for the show?
And the dad goes...
And then there's this...
And you can spend three hours watching it, debating whether it's the kid
or the dad that's farting.
It's really, really great.
I just think there was a lot going on in the world
and also a lot going on during that CNN satellite interview.
So it just kind of slipped by us, it wasn't like the fart herd around the world.
It really needs, we need to go back.
Were their charges filed or pressed?
Did someone go to jail or get fined for that?
For wasting our time?
Is that one of those things where there's no fining?
Yes, actually they had to pay restitution.
I think I looked it up on Wikipedia.
I think they had to give a little bit of restitution.
No, wait, did they?
Restitution.
No, I think I'm mixing something else up.
Because I think CNN, you know...
I just high-fived Kumail.
You know what I picture happening in the parking lot of that whole event?
Is the government coming up to a circus of news cameramen and producers
and going like, anybody want to press charges?
And they're like, no, we're good.
We did it.
We got everything out of this we would have gotten if a baby had been in a balloon.
That's what's for sale.
Buy Snickers. Good night.
It's a stupid question to ask. How does a plane disappear in a world full of surveillance,
a big-ass plane full of human beings?
How do they not fucking know?
I don't know. Let Rob Delaney talk about that.
What was your conspiracy theory earlier?
Oh, okay, come on.
No, but that was over drinks.
I don't know, is it politically incorrect right now to be making bits about...
These people are gone dead. These are human beings.
It's in poor taste to do bits.
I wouldn't call it a bit about the tragedy of these people dying.
I was just saying...
No, but my bit is specifically hint, never mind.
It was a sci-fi conceit, that's all. Everyone's thinking about it.
You were saying that as a fetishist of storytelling...
Over drinks, we were saying this.
But as a fetishist of story and story structure and character,
that you can't help but project onto this...
Like a guy in goggles coming in the cockpit and going,
listen, you have to take this plane down.
There's a guy in E3 that's going to give birth to Hitler.
New Hitler.
Nose dive now.
It's not funny.
Shame on you.
Originally it wasn't New Hitler.
It was the guy who was going to give birth to space aides.
I haven't even typed a word of this yet.
I want to thank Greg and Charles for buying me a drink at the drawing room.
They came here from San Jose.
There's always a pilgrimage that comes out here.
Greg, are you here?
Hey, Greg.
Greg and Charles drove five hours from San Jose.
Who else drove further?
San Francisco?
Sacramento.
Now we get into what you drove here for.
And those guys drove here for how it's made.
Anybody here from Malaysian flight 441?
To me, it's not funny. To Jeff, it is.
I want that on record for TMZ.
That's a different flight number.
Is it right?
Did I get it right?
The 370, that's not funny.
Flight 441 landed safely in Beijing hours ago.
Thank you Greg and Charles for buying me a drink at the drawing room before the show.
Everybody that drove here tonight, sorry.
It's $10. What the fuck do you want?
How about that Fred Phelps?
Let's do our next segment, our regular annual segment,
South by Southwest Breakdown with Kumail Nanjiani!
Hello, hello.
How's it going guys?
It's going good.
Can I just say this?
Oh, no.
Can I just say, this is me, I'm Camille!
Hey everybody!
No, I bet that's not what Fred Phelps' thing is, unfortunately.
I'm sure his brain is gone.
Why would they excommunicate him?
Why wouldn't they deify him and put him under a glass?
Because he's probably crazy and shitting his pants or something.
Why would they excommunicate him?
That's a specific thing.
This may all be based on one thing that his one kid said on Facebook,
and now it's been added to his Wikipedia.
Because we don't actually know.
Fred Phelps' excommunication, and the only thing that's there
is this continual reference to the fact that his kid said that.
I will say, I've never been sexually attracted to a guy,
but I will make out with a dude at his funeral.
I thought you were going to say, I would fuck Fred Phelps.
If he's up for it, I'll take that hit for everybody.
What if he comes out before he dies?
What if that was it?
Would it be the biggest shock in the world,
or would it be the third, fourth, eighth biggest shock in the history of...
My brief Googling, he was a lawyer and he was a civil rights activist.
He was?
He was a civil rights activist.
Something happened to this guy.
Something happened to everyone who decides that in addition to letting gay people
just be alienated by virtue of being gay, that you actually have to go after them.
Something has to happen to you to pick on gay people.
At funerals of like soldiers who've died,
that's such a long connection to make,
because the connection is that wars are God's way of punishing homosexuality
in our sins, so the people who go to war are...
What's the logic? Does anyone know what the logic is?
Because he's not protesting funerals of gay people.
He's protesting soldiers who've died in wars.
Some holdover... Yeah, it wasn't gay soldiers, right?
It wasn't gay soldiers. It's something like war happens because gays,
so if we go to...
And it's weirdly, I think, like supporting the dead soldiers.
Like, hey, if we didn't have gays, your son would still be alive.
Like, it's some weird logic like that.
I didn't know that. I always assumed it was...
That's right, right? I mean, it's wrong, but it's right.
It's so wrong, it's right.
Somebody back there feels pretty strong that that's right.
Yeah, feels right.
Feels right.
What a long... What a pitch meeting where he's like,
listen, guys, I got an idea. You have to stay with me.
It's a long way to get there.
Go long.
Yeah, go long.
Hold up both hands. Good luck.
I went on a rabbit hole today because the first thing that happens is the Twitter jokes.
Wait, what's happening?
I'm not... You're wrong.
It's wrong.
I have a really strong source right here.
Okay, well, what is it? Why does he...
What else is here?
What is it?
It's because soldiers are fighting for this country and this country is supporting gay people.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so it's sort of similar.
She said soldiers are supporting this country and this country supports gay people, so...
You're a gay by association.
So it is anti the soldiers that are dying.
Yeah, they deserve to die because they support the gay vote in our country.
He says Faganabler.
Faganabler? He calls soldiers Faganablers?
Faganabler is actually the name of my battle bot.
I don't know if you guys remember when I was a contender in battle bots.
It did pretty well, right?
I never meant it to be pronounced that way.
It's Faganabler.
It was Dr. Faganabler.
In the UK, they just thought it was a guy who sold cigarettes to miners.
I went down a brief rabbit hole.
I think the internet is such a beautiful pudding of hatred and toxicity and juvenileity and outrage and reflex.
And then these beautiful clouds and streaks of, oh my God, we're all going to be fine.
I just went down the rabbit hole of a lot of wonderful blog essays from gay people whose straight friends are absolutely justifiably taking the opportunity to go,
yeah, burn in hell, you fucking fag hater, but who personally just want to take the time to say, you know, just more of the same.
Not to cast dispersions, not to, I appreciate the advocacy, I appreciate the support,
but this is just an old senile man who was pushed to the forefront in the media because of an agenda that needs to be made conscious of
and to hate each other for anything is always the wrong answer.
But I also understand, like, if you're gay and you're persecuted and there's a guy who's protesting soldiers' funerals because they're Faganablers,
I mean, I can understand someone being really angry about it.
Everyone has permission to do it.
Nobody is going to punish you for doing it, so what do you do in that moment?
Nobody is going to judge you for stabbing this guy in the face, so here's your knife.
What is he dying for?
What are you going to do?
I guess, I don't know the details, huh?
Yeah, he got spaces.
I was trying to think of what the joke would be, I'm like, what am I doing?
I couldn't think of the joke either.
There's a Sudoku puzzle on my chest.
It's hard.
Do we know how he's dying? Is he dead? Is he hanging on?
He's super old. I think he's just dying because...
Because the ravages of time.
The ravages of time, yeah.
And space aids.
Yeah.
Alright, enough about this ass.
If we talk about him a second longer than Harold Ramis, I'll fucking kill myself.
Then the world is committed to crime.
Yeah.
I wasn't here when you guys talked about Harold Ramis.
That was...
I had this weird thing, so I do this podcast called The Inner Kids with Emily,
and I started talking about, oh, thank you, Harold Ramis.
And I started crying, and I couldn't stop crying.
And I figured out it was because, and I told the story there,
do we want to talk about Harold Ramis again?
Sure, no, tell, yeah.
Okay, so this happened...
I want to see you cry.
No, I'm not going to cry.
Watch me not cry, motherfuckers.
Already, it's hard.
No, because obviously I loved Ghostbusters and stuff, but...
He's already crying.
Yes, I'm crying out.
Groundhog Day.
I love that movie, and this is sort of a weird story,
but stick with it because she's okay now.
But when Emily and I first started dating, she got really sick,
and it was like this weird, mysterious thing.
And we'd been only dating a few months, and she was in a coma for eight days.
It's a crazy...
Yeah, it's sort of out of nowhere.
Did you hit her?
Huh?
While she was in a coma, then she's not learning her lesson.
Wow, that was a roller coaster of...
Yeah!
And that's the story I wanted to tell.
That's...
I hope somebody was recording that exchange.
We're back in Hollywood Squares.
New comedy golden age.
They want to move me to Center Square because of that exchange.
They're like, we're getting Bruce Valencia out of there.
So she got really sick, and it was crazy,
and we'd only been dating a few months, and...
Oh, God.
Her parents...
So her parents and I hung out for a while,
and that's when I sort of told my parents
that I wasn't going to marry the woman that they found for me,
that it was going to be this woman who's in a coma,
who's hopefully going to come out,
and if she comes out, I'm going to marry her.
And if she doesn't, well, then the world ends anyway.
So, oh, God.
Okay.
But when she finally came out, and she was fine,
and the first night I got to stay in the hospital with her,
and she was up, I was allowed to bring in a laptop.
And I was like, what movie do we want to watch?
The Groundhog Day.
And it was so profound, because every day,
I've been at the hospital all day, every day,
so it sort of was living Groundhog Day.
Like, it was the same day over and over,
but I remember watching this movie with Emily,
who's up now, and being like,
oh, everything's going to be okay.
So, you know, you sort of connect to people
because of the things they've done,
but that was like a very special thing for me.
So when he sort of died, that really, like, hit me.
Not hard, but in a way, I was like,
oh, that guy had a profound effect on both our lives
in a way that he never really, he doesn't know, you know?
He has no idea what that means.
Yeah, it was never really, it wasn't one of the people,
the people whose impact we acknowledge while they're alive.
Yeah.
I don't know what their deal is,
but I know that the really important people
are the people who unexpectedly, like,
that blanket has slipped out from underneath us,
and suddenly, everything is disrupted.
And I know, and I've confessed to this,
I know this is all narcissism and all ego,
but how else are you supposed to process someone else's death?
Right.
But I've had, yeah, whatever.
I'm repeating myself, but I'm walking down a sidewalk
and per bank, and I'm just processing this
and the way I do every celebrity death,
and like, what does this mean to me?
Why was he important, and then all of a sudden,
I'm just fucking weeping.
And it was definitely because this was a purveyor of,
I mean, like Groundhog Day is,
it should definitely be put in a canister
and shot toward other planets,
because it's the best we can do in a modern civilization
of creating a new, not a, I mean, there's creation myths,
but then there's the part of mythology
that just tells you, like, you know, soothes you,
like reminds you that everything's fucked
and that you need to be who you are,
and it's a story about God holding a man still
until he can't stop, until he can't squirm anymore.
And you just watch it happen,
and what's amazing about that movie is that any hokey or movie
would have easily gotten away with ending the story with him
just becoming a good guy to her and learning her favorite color,
and I've got ice cream on the windowsill,
and in that movie, that's where shit really goes bad,
because he's really becoming an asshole now,
because it's one thing to rob a bank,
and it's one thing to eat all the M&Ms you want,
but it's another thing to fucking fabricate
the spark between one human and another,
and then he leaves that rom-com world,
and he just takes piano lessons and he just, you know,
catches the same cat out of the same tree and blah, blah, blah,
and it's at that point that he actually has something with her.
Anyways, alright, so...
Let's see where he's trying to save the homeless men
from dying over and over.
That's such a great, like, moment.
I mean, it's a fantastic, I mean, if aliens attack us
and they want to kill us, we show them Groundhog Day
and give them Nutella, and they'll be like, alright.
You guys have done good.
There should be theologians who study that,
who ask things like, does he save the homeless guy
after a certain point?
The story would indicate that he learned the lesson
that that guy's just gonna freeze to death
and start to death on the sidewalk,
and you tried everything there,
so you got a piano lesson and just do it.
They don't dwell on that.
It's a more uplifting movie than that,
but those are also...
That's what I'm saying.
You could launch that movie to Mars,
start a civilization based on it,
and then a new generation could say,
well, did he save the homeless guy every time?
And then you could go, well, you know,
some people say he did, but other people...
You know what, if you've got a piano lesson,
you need to learn piano.
That's gonna help more people.
I want to see a sequel to that movie
where it's just him dazzling people
by making ice sculptures,
and they're like, where did you find the time?
There's a comic book series
where time unfreezes a different time for him,
and so there's, like, different Bill Murrays
who are, like, champion ice sculptors.
Yeah.
Or, like, what if it ended too early
and he was, like, halfway good,
so he's still trying to impress people?
Like, that's pretty good, right?
I mean, I can't do the head right,
but he's better than you can do.
All right, so how was South by Southwest for you?
Oh, I had an awesome time.
Well, your head was everywhere.
Uh, yeah, they really pushed that show.
What does it like to be in an airport
with the huge...
And at the exact moment when I feel
the angriest at the government,
when I feel the most put down by mainstream society,
if my head was above the metal detectors,
like, I don't know, I would explode.
You're right, it's Orwellian.
It kind of feels like, well, it was these guys' idea.
I get angry at them.
It really does feel like that.
Did it make you feel like taking your shoes off
was, did it mitigate?
Or did it make you feel like...
I know I had a moment where I was...
I felt I was in the wrong line,
like, I got into the pre-screening line
and I wasn't pre-screened, and I had this whole thing.
Because you'd want to be normal.
Where's my ID? It's right behind you, asshole.
You motherfucker, have you heard of Mike Judge?
Okay, well, you should really look into his stuff.
So, I was telling you,
there were also on cabs and stuff, those pictures,
and we were all so excited, all five of us,
and we were walking down the street,
and this cab was parked there.
So, it's me, Martin Starr, T.J. Miller,
Zach Roads, and Thomas Middleditch,
and all our faces were on this cab.
This cab was parked there, and we were all walking by,
and we were like, hey, can we get a picture in front of this?
We just walked up to this guy.
I was like, we're going to make this guy's day.
Watch this.
You have a horrible knife driving a cab.
Here's a little bit of goodness for you.
So, we walked up all arrogant, and we were like,
hey, can we take a picture in front of this cab?
Here's $5, and he said, no, and drove off.
He left his parking spot to, like, not take a picture with us.
He wasn't a fan?
I don't know what the deal was.
The other thing is, they're also in New York,
and of course, this is the month where my parents are in Pakistan.
I'm still going to hear, like, hey,
you should really go to med school, like,
for the rest of my life.
Yeah.
I mean, you detect a lace, the whole time you're in Austin,
every time we've been in Austin,
from whatever festival we've been there,
it's a city of festivals.
That place is the eternal, it's the,
Austin is the guy in your circle of friends
whose apartment is just wide open,
and everyone just hangs out there,
and some people have been crashing there for three days,
and he's not that excited about it.
There's other apartments around, because that's fucking Texas.
This is the cool apartment.
And you get to, you know, you're marveling at Austin,
and it's gorgeous there, and it's everything,
it feels like a city that's just designed to kind of host you,
and then, you know, through the miracle of Twitter and stuff,
I'm able to see Austin locals going, like, you know,
I don't know if you're right that you're here,
but god damn this fucking thing.
Yeah, I would be so angry, because it really does turn over the city.
It was my first time there during the festival.
I've been to Austin like a dozen or more times,
and it's a bummer to be there, because you're like,
my thing is I just want to be able to get to a place
I want to go eat at, or see a show,
and you can't move around there.
It's so prohibitive.
The amount that I get pissed at the LA Marathon,
and please God forgive me,
is that a real parade?
Well, I mean, they block traffic a little bit,
and then I get all huffed up, you know.
This is the worst thing that's ever happened.
Wait, what are you guys about again?
Why can't I cross Hollywood? I have rights!
You people should be able to relate to this.
Yeah, think about it.
Make the equation, for God's sakes.
Get out of my way.
That's what I'm saying.
LA has a couple of things that disrupt it,
but San Francisco and Austin, holy gemoli.
The thing that I want to be able to do,
I wish I could, because we're in bad economic times,
so for all we know, Austin is like,
they shouldn't be feeling that way.
They should be thinking, holy shit,
we would be Detroit if we didn't have 800 strangers
per square inch flooding our city every week.
But I don't know, and they don't know,
and no one can know.
You'd have to create a parallel universe
where they didn't create that kind of...
It's a wonderful life with Austin.
With Austin as the protagonist,
standing on a bridge about to jump,
and going, I can't stand being the host
of all these festivals anymore.
But wait!
I never saw the movie.
Have you not seen it?
When you got it, that's the movie.
Yeah, I know.
Well, there's these movies, like Wizard of Oz
and Gone with the Wind.
You never saw Wizard of Oz?
I haven't.
I don't think I've seen it all the way through.
So you don't...
But I have a piecemeal through every...
I could tell you from...
Okay, starts in black and white.
She works on a farm.
She's bummed out because it's in black and white.
She meets every character that you're going to see
as an animal.
And then a tornado comes.
She sings a song, and a tornado comes.
She sings a tornado song,
and the tornado makes everything go into color.
Do you remember how the tornado song goes?
Somewhere over the tornado.
Is that the song?
Somewhere over the rainbow.
Like, tornado song, and then she lands...
She lands on a witch.
Now she's committed a crime before she even knows she does.
These little people come up and they say,
like, you killed the witch.
And then another witch says, like,
well, just...
There's no problem.
I know how you can get out of here.
Follow the Yellow Brick Road.
So she follows the Yellow Brick Road.
She meets, not necessarily in this order,
a skier crow, an iron man, and a...
A lion, a lion.
That would be great if it was the Iron Man.
And she meets them all.
They get attacked in no necessary order
by trees, monkeys, and poppies.
And then they go to the Emerald City.
That's the meeting with the goddess.
And they get there.
And then they atone with the father,
which is the fact that the Wizard of Oz
is just a shithead behind a curtain.
Toto finds that out.
And then they...
Somewhere along the line,
they make the witch melt with water.
I don't know if she comes into the Emerald City and is like,
stop it!
That part doesn't make any sense to me.
But then, in one of the most egregious violations
of my personal cinematic narrative rules,
she finds out she could have gone home any time
by clicking her heels.
And so she does.
And then she wakes up and...
Does she wake up in black and white again?
Yes.
That's kind of a rip-off.
But I guess how are you going to...
Do you remember what the Iron Man and the lion
and Scarecrow were searching for?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The each are...
The Cowardly Lion wants a heart.
So he has a song about wanting a heart.
No, Iron Man wants a heart.
Iron Man wants a heart.
Let him talk.
He has an arc reactor.
He wants a heart.
Wait, okay.
Thank you very much.
You're right.
Okay, so the Tin Man wants a heart.
Tin Man, yes.
He doesn't have a heart.
I associate the heart with courage.
What the fuck does the lion want?
He has a diploma.
I just want class.
He literally gets a diploma at the end.
Right?
Lion...
It's just courage.
Or he gets a badge.
Who gets the diploma?
Scarecrow.
Sloppy.
So heart is courage, is bravery, is passion.
So lump it together.
Make one character out of three, represent those.
Sorry.
But the...
Are you fixing a movie you haven't seen?
There's a reason I won't watch it.
It looks sloppy from a distance.
That should be a fucking segment every episode.
Dad fixes a movie he hasn't seen.
We'll go down the AFI 100.
Exactly.
What's the major film that you haven't seen that you're embarrassed or that you're unrepentant
about not having seen?
Well, I mean, Wizard of Oz is a big one.
It's a wonderful life.
Yeah, that's a good movie.
But it's so forced on you.
It took me until my mid-20s to start watching Woody Allen movies.
Because when I was growing up, it was like every stand-up would come out and go,
and Woody Allen would go, and I didn't understand that he was an artist and that he was writing things.
I also didn't understand that he was a guy that was a nerd that was putting himself in movies.
I just thought that God made action figures that were famous and that this guy I was supposed
to think was interesting because he had glasses and red hair.
And then you had to shake that stuff.
And those holiday movies, they're hard to swallow.
It's a wonderful life.
You have to really cut yourself off from the weight of it, of how everyone talks about it.
But it's a good...
I like that movie.
It's a very small scene.
But this is before...
I've seen big parts of it, I think.
I mean, I know that...
Yeah, so the angel gets his wings when you ring the bell and Mr. Banks doesn't want the money
in the potter in the whale chair.
He finds out that if he wasn't around...
Oh, yeah.
The potter needs a heart.
It sounds like its second act is a...
It sounds like I kind of...
Like, kind of long.
Like, okay, we get it.
I love this segment.
How do you know how long is the second act?
It sounds like it's kind of long.
Because I've never heard...
Like, throughout 41 years of living in a world that keeps referencing that movie,
I've never heard anyone reference any structural flagstones that make a complete story.
It sounds like this guy's gonna kill himself and then an angel comes up and says,
Don't kill yourself.
Why shouldn't I?
I'll tell you why.
Because if you did, things would be worse.
And he's like, I don't believe you.
It's just like one-third the Christmas Carol.
And he takes him and he goes and shows him.
He goes like, look at this.
And he's like, oh my god, I can't believe I'm dead and people noticed.
Except when we watch it now, Potterville is fucking awesome.
Like, the Potterville is like...
Everyone's just jitterbugging and there's this good music and it's like...
You'd rather hang out in Potterville.
You did ruin everything.
But I like the part...
I don't know the movie very well.
I've only seen it a couple of times over a long amount of years.
People are gasping, by the way.
His house is all windy.
The house that he bought, that he got with his wife and they had a family.
And the house is shitty and it's drafting.
It's falling apart and he's going broke.
There's a run on the band.
And the little, what do you call it?
A little ball, a little knoll thing or knob thing that comes off at the end of the stairwell.
And he starts yelling and his daughter is sick.
She can knob off the stairwell. It just comes off.
It comes off when they first move in the house and it's charming.
The house is a fixer-upper.
Like, this is a symbol that we have growing to do.
Then it never changes.
The house just keeps being shitty and it's getting shittier.
And now his daughter on Christmas Eve or whatever has a cough and she's sick
because it's so fucking cold in the house.
Oh, Jesus.
And he starts crying.
So while the angel is proving to him how bad life would be,
he's just getting angry at his family.
I don't forget if he goes back at this point, I don't know, but at one point
he starts yelling at his family and he becomes like,
he's like, I didn't fucking ask for this shit.
I don't fucking want to do this.
I never wanted this.
I always wanted to do something else.
You guys made me do this shit.
Like, fuck you, fuck me, fuck everybody.
And it's the symbol of that piece of furniture breaking
and he raises his voice at his little sick daughter,
Zazu or whatever her name is.
Zazu, what's it?
Zuzu.
And like that moment is like, shit gets really dark and he just implodes
and that's when it starts to become not fake Capra.
It becomes really punk rock and dark.
And then Capra puts this beautiful little bow on it at the end,
which is like, it's good stuff.
Also, it's America that never existed.
You know, it's a fake America.
Oh, wasn't there something about a pharmacist that hit a kid so much
he was deaf or something?
He hit him.
He can't hear to one ear because he clapped him.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
He tried to save him from putting, like he was senile or drunk or whatever
and he was going to poison an old lady.
Oh, yeah.
And so he smashes him over the ear and he can't hear.
He has a bad ear because of that.
Isn't there also a part where they like propose
and there's like a fake moon out the window that they put up?
Do you remember that?
Is that right?
Right?
They propose.
I remember.
So you guys as experts in this movie,
we've all experienced the same amount of cinema.
That's my point.
No, that movie moved me and touched me.
Prove it.
Prove it with a rap.
All right.
No.
By the way, speaking of, can I say, I told you this,
that Dean Pelton rap is one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my entire life.
I watched it.
I swear at least 30 times.
It's so funny.
It's so good.
The first time I watched it, I didn't even laugh.
I just didn't breathe for a while.
It's so great.
Yeah.
Somebody online tempoed it and put it under a beat
and it's amazing.
Aaron played it for me.
Don Diego and I wrote the lyrics overnight.
Don Diego, you have a Spanish gentleman working for you?
Is that just like your imaginary friend who does rewrites with you?
Hello, Dan.
I'm not alone.
Don Diego is here.
Were you asleep at your writing office at night and a figure emerged in the balcony?
He definitely, we always tease him about that.
Yeah, it's just Dan with a rose in his ear.
But he kind of spat out a bunch of stuff and in the original thing that he threw out,
it included the whole ending, which is that I didn't want to change.
It's just like, Barack Obama is scared of me.
And I was like, okay, we're going to keep that.
But then we sat and it kind of nitpicked.
And then when I heard it set to the beat, it was like, oh, that's a good rap.
Yeah, well, yeah, it's a funny joke.
It's great.
I love it as much as everybody.
I just love how quickly it goes south.
He gets two lines out and then it's like, what the fuck is wrong?
Because he wants to do a freestyle rap.
He's got that character so much because he's like a children's book character.
To me, that's like the other high point of him is when he comes in and he's a half man, half woman,
because he wants to say that.
And then he has this breakdown and goes, what am I doing?
And it's like, I've got to fucking cool it and he runs out.
And then he comes back at the end of the episode and goes, you know what?
I thought about it and I had lunch with people who are interested in what makes me tick.
And I had the best day of my life.
He's like the pokey little puppy.
He's so simultaneously like he represents.
We equate complexity with the opposite of innocence too much.
We think that innocence means purity and it doesn't.
You could be the most complicated, most sexual, most labyrinthine person in the world
and you could still be innocent.
You don't have to be a cotton ball that just has no substance to it.
We think like, oh, that won't hurt you.
That's what innocence means.
No, innocence means there's nothing that can hurt you here.
This person wouldn't hurt you.
He has a river that runs leagues deep underneath him, but he's innocent.
And so he stumbles into these situations.
And he's like, I'm going to do a freestyle rap because you're late.
I can't pay you this week so I'm going to do this freestyle rap where you don't know what you're going to say next.
And he starts rapping and he stumbles into the spirit of the street overtakes him
and becomes a vessel for black anger and disenfranchised youth
and has to run out of the room dressed as a peanut blocker.
It really is the best show ever on TV.
Well, at least that moment anyway.
We all feel the same way in the writers room.
And Jim Rash needs 50 takes of that because I kept being like, well, yeah,
but the camera needs to be on you enough time.
Is he doing that rap even when it's not his coverage?
Was he giving it his all?
Yeah, he is.
But also the point of the rap is that it escalates and escalates and escalates until he's screaming.
And so he's doing different takes from different angles.
There are two moments when I've almost killed a man on that set.
That's one and the other one is when Leonard, Richard Urban, the guy who plays Leonard,
his first episode in season one, he was in a pool and he's treading water.
You go through central casting and you order people off a menu.
You go, I need an old guy that can swim.
And you get Richard Erdman who was in Gunsmoke and had his own show and was on Sid Caesar.
And you go to his IMDB page.
So sometime afterward and realize I've been physically abusing television history.
But in the meantime, I got an old guy that can swim and he's swimming.
And I guess like his first, he's just supposed to be treading water in a pool
and Jeff Winger said something and then he goes like,
well, he's just busted, but what was it?
Jeff goes like, we're all crazy, not me.
And then Jeff says, shut up Leonard.
And there's like this random character, shut up Leonard.
I saw your art project, whatever.
And he goes like, busted.
And then he swims away.
We're shooting coverage of Leonard and he's just an old guy that can swim
and we're just making him swim forever.
And I'm just like, he's not saying busted right.
There's just like another take, another take.
I went to the bathroom early on before I came back and like we did like 50 more takes
and then eventually like Joe Russo, the director, said like, he's going to drown.
And I think he got it while you were in the bathroom like on take one.
And I think that he's, you've been drowning an old man for no reason,
for no reason the entire time.
I think you're like an Egyptian pharaoh in a Mel Gibson movie about just the end of civilization.
But you know, once he drowns, nobody fucks up a take after that.
I look at the rest of the pool and I go, you see that?
Yeah, say busted right.
You see what Kraft gets you?
You follow direction.
And so it turned out absolutely he nailed it on the first take.
And the rest of the 50 takes, he was just inhaling too much water to get his line right.
He's an old man who can swim.
So, yeah, that's how I met Leonard.
I was killing him.
And that's the second time I saw him like because we brought him back.
And I was like, so there was like Jeff.
This time you're bungee jumping for this thing.
They're supposed to just walk by him and he's supposed to go like,
like Professor Slater says a zinger to Jeff.
And then it's supposed to just land on Leonard going, ooh.
And he's just, he's just there and he's like, they keep going past him and he keeps going,
oh.
Or, oh.
Or, yeah.
Everything but who.
And I go up to him.
He doesn't know who I am.
Like he says, I just go, hey, Richard, hey, I'm a kid kid kid.
Let us next take a, just go like, who.
And he goes, pfft.
He just looked at me and just like, like, fuck you.
You know, I got from all of that like fuck you.
I didn't know at the time still that he was I just I just I just what I got was
fuck you and I was like I think I think he might have known that but not that I
created the show I think I think you so that's my worders me that's the worst
fraction of information at all I know that faced from one place which is my
death I don't know but but then you know anyways who cares great scene yeah
peanut peanut bar rap thanks this is the place where you laugh at the peanut
bar rap watch community on Thursdays and NBC then tune in to Dan Hyman's
podcast to laugh at the peanut bar rap behind the scenes of the peanut bar rap
all right so I think that I think that I didn't talk to him about it I got out
of my car as he dropped me off at my house last time I saw him on Friday and
I said see you Sunday and he said I think he said yes and I literally haven't
talked to him since was he in the green room who is he I've no idea who you're
talking about is Spencer back I guess it was just
I wasn't even thinking about the fact that since we last saw you you were on
community and yeah yeah I was has there still I asked you this already but I
haven't seen you in a couple days has there been any negative I'm very I this
is what I keep racing myself for like I don't want you to be abraded and flapped
you're unflappable I don't need to be flapped by being on the show yeah in the
East Coast viewing there was some some people talking shit about me but it was
cool because they they were right and they just had shitty weather they did
no they were lame they're being what was their beef I don't know they called me
beardy McGee that's that's accurate and flatter and I don't know I wouldn't say
so you know you don't like the Irish connotation in that or he is wearing
green yeah I'm very strongly anti-Irish my voice is so anti-Irish you're
wearing green the night before St. Patrick's yeah because I've that's why
I'm anti-Irish because I was always attacked in school for not fucking
wearing green because apparently it's okay to touch other people without their
permission you get you get pinched or punched yeah just constantly and half the
time I'd be wearing green it's like where do you get off apparently on touch
and other people without their permission maybe that was their way of
getting a little piece of you with like kind of surreptitiously like I want to
touch him this is the only angle I have I bet there were like 50 people last week
being like oh I pinched that guy they probably were yeah no I was actually
get you get you there's a tradition about getting pinched if you don't yeah if
you don't work green on you not oh my god I'm so envious yeah seriously just
tortured in school my angle was always I have green eyes and if that didn't work
I said I'm wearing green green underwear and I play on their homophobia I would
wear green underwear like half the time not on purpose they just all always had
it doesn't it's white when you put it on you should go to the doctor
we should we should we should we should we should just hang out Spencer are you
excited about all the the stuff from the episode yeah so there's too much to
talk to you about you you're in this in this TV show who cares so somebody call
you beardy McGee so then we went to Austin we we premiered this movie that if
it's not accurate to call you the star of the movie it's certainly accurate to
call you the the hero of the movie so what what anything changed from that any
dense in your Spencer knows no I don't know it was weird seeing that movie I
had such a short beard back then no one called you beardy McGee no no
certainly not beardy or work at least just a work but no it was it was really
good seeing me on the movie it was really I was a lot more comfortable seeing
myself in the movie than on TV I don't know seeing myself on TV I was like no
this is wrong everything about this is wasn't you playing someone else rather
than being yourself was that the probably had something to do with it yeah
yeah that makes sense yeah I mean weird you guys none of us belong on TV TV is
a crazy place for crazy people like we those people are are crazy but but I
wrote a character for you that's like oh this guy's crazy you shouldn't feel out
of place should feel fine so that you were protected yeah I felt protected by
that role definitely but the movie on the heels of the movie did anybody did I
don't know nothing nothing's nothing's really changed for me everything's
changed because I don't know how much of this you knew but I for the entire time
that movie like there was a certain point where I was just living in grief I
was just multitasking a specific amount of my brain and my stomach for fucking
grief because I was seeing cuts of the movie and I was like my life goes up
and down goes I make a rape joke I don't make a rape joke I make a Rick and
Morty I don't make a Rick and Morty I I'm constantly obsessed with how people
think about me but I don't want to ever be dishonest I'm a narcissist but I'm
honest about that blue bitty blue bitty blue I made this movie I'm in it and I'm
watching cuts of it and I'm like there were dark dark dark days and I don't know
how much of that you were experiencing if you were ever wondering what the fuck
is this cloud is this ever gonna come over were you ever wondering how am I
gonna be portrayed in this movie because you never saw anything of it I I just
tried not to think about it I mean it wasn't about me like it was about you
and who you are so I wasn't worried that I'd you know be a weird part of it or
some part of it that I wouldn't expect I thought that what I was in was pretty
pretty good and I came off as a really good guy but I didn't expect to be in it
I probably didn't even expect to be in it as much as I was so I wasn't really
worried about it had to be about you at a certain point it was Aaron's idea
really to I remember at the pit of my despair going I'm gonna fucking kill
myself like I this movie is the nail in my self-destructive cough and I finally
figured out a way to make everyone hate me because I don't change there's
nothing redeemable about me etc etc and I was venting all this to Aaron and
Aaron said just tell Neil because I don't have any control over the editorial
content but she was like just tell Neil who's struggling for a story in this
movie just tell him to make it about Spencer tell tell him that the story is
Spencer and leave you alone like like let you be let you be the asshole that
you are or the non-asshole that you are let you just be Dan Harmon in the
background as the bedrock of the whole thing and let anybody that goes through
anything be the young guy that everybody likes that is undeniably going on a
little journey and that was the to me that was the turning point of this thing
not making me almost kill myself because I did call Neil and give him Aaron's
note and the next cut I saw it was like holy shit this is gonna work I'm gonna
get away with this and so we premiered it at South by Southwest and it people
like it and the reviews are good and stuff like I'm yeah we should see that I
read the reviews it really good I don't want to read too much because I don't
really have a sense of what the movie is like but you guys like how it turned
out yeah yeah it's almost like the equivalent it's like it's weird like
it's like you go into a dark bar and just like like it's not I yeah I don't
know what the fuck it is it's a it's it's it's got details I don't know if
there are all the details that everybody wants for or needs at any given time but
I for me like we like Spencer is like kind of the emergent hero in it but for
me the movie is it's ostensibly about Dan and why the eternal question why are
we doing this why are we going out on tour why are we making this movie the
guy gets fired from the show so he goes on the road and they kept asking me in
interviews like why are we doing this I don't know what we're doing I just think
it's gonna be fun and then Spencer kind of goes through an actual journey but
for me the movie is about you guys it's about the fans that come to the show
because this is everybody is an individual but it comes together as this
kind of awesome organism of people and that there's this straight-to-camera
interviews with with the harmonians and I've seen three cuts of it and I cry
every time it's like it's not like like boohoo but like it's just like some
really beautiful kind of human moments in there like I think it's more about the
people that come then about anybody up on the stage yeah they call that the
money shot no it's it's the I was doing a pun come joke the capillaries in your
cheeks dilate when fans are looking into the camera real let's let's let's get
airy McGathey out here
hello did you like the movie on I did like the movie I'm gonna steal a line
from a review it's a movie about finding your people so I think for that
reason it's it's it's great it doesn't what it's about to do it does I look I
look like a real bummer in it that's great but that's not really true no you
just don't look like the genius and and and muse and like like person that's
funnier than me and the documentary should be about like which is the truth
well I thank you for your flattery when you when you focus the camera on me my
girlfriend becomes a person pushing a shopping cart and at various points I
take a shit on her to be funny and so it's not an accurate portrayal of our
relationship but it is an accurate portrayal of what an asshole boyfriend I
am gonna take what you're saying all the way to the bank and tell you guys that
they cut out me figuring out almost the way to cure cancer and almost at one
point there were all these people in a soup line and I stood in front of them
and I started delivering this like comedic speech and they all they all
suddenly were full they went and got job yeah there's hundreds and hundreds of
hours of I mean it's 600 hours of footage there's a point there I saw cuts
where all of a sudden you're just following Jeff like around the city
and he's alone and he suddenly explains why he always every time the bus stops
breaks off and goes to be by himself and reads a book and they start talking
about his mother and you know that's all gone Jeff's just a guy in a suit in the
movie Jeff I wanted to tell you this last week I took a trip by myself to
Palm Springs and I really was trying to channel you when I was walking out in
the city I took with me a book and I went to a Mexican restaurant and I'm like
I'm just like Jeff Davis is gonna read this book I got salsa all over my book
that doesn't surprise me a bit because I've seen you around salsa we were in
San Francisco a couple years ago and I've seen you're on salsa as a great name
for this episode we called Aaron the salsa monster because there was a salsa
bar in the mission at this burrito place or we were all dead we were just
drinking all day long it was the fight the last day of our trip we extended our
stay another day we all went to we all got drunk and high I went to this
burrito place and there was a salsa bar was not use a little small plastic
ramekins they give you to put salsa this one had like kind of like like
quarter-pound like tubs like like big ones that you could like like you get
olives that like in like a gelson or something like that and that you kept
going to the bar and getting more setting children like that's not an
exaggeration children that were near the bar going back I gotta get more salsa
because she was out of salsa the reason why you're out of salsa is because none
of it was in your mouth or on the food it was on the floor in your lap on my
shoe on the table I was like maybe you maybe you don't actually like the end
of my Palm Springs Jeff Davis trip was that like I got salsa all over my book
and I had had two margaritas and I I went back to my car and I took a two-hour
nap in my car on the street in Palm Springs exactly like a vision quest
where I was gonna find myself and I found myself drunk in a car so what were
you hoping that what happened if you if you successfully channeled me that like
yeah well that's a good question what what what does happen to Jeff in those
moments do you go and rejoin the adjustment bureau and your friends
between dimensions really quick about the movie dick over over a shot of
front at Bronco down at the street down the street okay Jeff cheese who's that
guy think he's kidding once upon a time he goes through a portal and there's
just other guys in suits that I'm pretending to read Moby Dick sounds like
wings of desire have you seen that great movie what you think about wings of
desire I don't I don't even know what that is it was remade into an American
movie starring a Nicholas Cage called City of Angels and it's these angels who
like to sort of go around and yeah that's what the movie is but there's a
great scene where they're like a guy like so these angels just sort of go
around the city unseen Berlin and like sort of Peter Falk with a spoiler is
that bad to say it with Peter Falk isn't this it is a spoiler yeah like Peter
Falk isn't it plays himself and it's it's it's awesome it's what's his name it's
Bruno Gans the director the German director Vin Wenders Vin Wenders it's a
it's a it's a beautiful wonderful movie it's an amazing movie yeah but my
favorite thing on the tour like the director Neil kept saying like Jeff like
we need a shot of you like I want to know what you do when you go away because
we would hit town and towns that were cool like New York or I mean most of the
towns we went to are big cities and cool places to go and I just kind of like to
go on my own grab a book and just kind of bone out look on you up and find out
like piece of pizza or something like that or a nice something I just spent a
moment like alone doing that and he kept trying to follow me around I just get
these calls from Neil Berkeley it's like Jeff where are you right now I'm in a
subway in New York going to the city like from Brooklyn can I send cameras
but no because we won't be able to shoot where I want to go like you won't be
able to clear cameras at the place I'm going to so in Chicago we finally did
he's like he's like Jeff we need to find out I need to I'm just curious what
do you do when you go off into the night on your own and so I said I'm gonna
go to this place or that place if you can clear camera there what were the
places but nuts with a Z and the button at the manhole I used to live by the
manhole did you yeah but that's my second favorite name of a gay bar my
favorite one is the white swallow baby the white swallow is great San
Francisco's white swallow jackhammer was there too I like the jackhammer I
didn't show it jackhammer once and the entire time porn was playing behind it
seems like the goal of naming these places is if you're a straight guy
wandering in yeah you they want you to get two drinks in before you realize
manhole so many clues it was right under my nose oh shit it's right under my
nose services the guys that are also like I didn't know let's hang out here
because we're already here yeah I don't know if it's still here in LA but it
used to be in Silver Lake and they might be a chain I don't know but it was one
summer like I think it's kind of called a rough trade that's not very that sounds
like a gene store yeah or a saloon and gun smoke yeah ladies and gentlemen here's
the the proprietor of rough trade
I went into rough trade such a billion dicks when I did the rough take there
with hero chicks all right what a life oh it's you camell just got bounced okay
now camell's retrieving another microphone the line at the white swallow
tonight has anyone been down there so I'm sorry I'm late what I missed catch me
up really quickly South by Southwest but great okay you want it can they
replay it you want to just replay the yeah yeah we do play back for Mitch
honestly he's an important guy yeah did it go great you want to hear my notes
because I take I take a couple of notes every every show I have I'll tell you
it 316 14 post South by Southwest Dr. Fred Phillips is dying question mark
balloon boy sounds like a winner that balloon boy faggots neighbor don Diego
this needs to be a new segment and Spencer so far Spencer is beardy
McGee all the notes that take so far if you ever see me taking a note I'm
writing down Aaron you're gonna have a garage sale for your charity thing right
yeah speak it so Jeff my charity thank you it's not my charity it's 826 la which
is a great charity you may have noticed that during Dungeons and Dragons Jeff
is always taking notes in different notebooks this Sunday from 11 a.m. to
6 a.m. here in the space we're having a garage sale which will mostly be dance
stuff and stuff from all of us sitting around this room I don't know I obviously
it's not gonna be floating it will be following the laws of physics it well
so you won't be creeped out there's also gonna be a little bake sale but at for
you for you guys who can't for you listeners who can't I don't know I'm
so nervous explaining this my face is like red because inner-city children
will die that's a thing is that we don't raise a certain amount of money Mitch
Hurwitz those kids are going to die they're not gonna die but they're not
gonna feel good very very very sickly step up from what they are now there
we are which is dead no they're extremely sick okay
get better it'll be all sorts of garage sale things which gives us kids an igloo
cooler at home he turns the temperature up as each item is sold
which preserves their life yeah they call me the smooth-faced dad I think is
that from true detective I don't know I don't know I don't know reference that's
a spaghetti face yeah I kind of hope that we can do another cuz I just finished
but we'll get we'll get back there and I watched all of I watched all of and
really liked true detective right yeah that's it maybe maybe we could do
another little of another Pakistan a hey and I was really confused about which
one of us was okay for those of you who can't come from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Pacific
time through a cool website called Kogo it's Kogo.tv we'll be streaming a KO
COGO we'll be streaming a QVC style show with Dan and guest co-host selling
things via that and it's not going to be an auction it'll be like here's Dan's
Dan's book because I found a few extra copies of you'll be perfect when you're
dead only only a few but Dan will be
hawking those view via the QVC thing and another thing that we'll be selling
will be Jeff's notes for D&D and then also why write down such words as
stubborn arts and that might be the whole entry for that show and all the
money goes to 826LA every every cent goes to 826LA and it's like a kids
education thing right they're trying to make space aids no it's great it's an
organization that supports supports kids learning how to write so it's very
appropriate for the show it doesn't it doesn't I don't know enough about it but
it sounds like the thing that I've always thought in my head needs to that I
would the charity that I would be interested in kids kids need to
it started by I forget his name heartbreaking work of stagger David
Eggers it's his it's his charity and yeah so this is you know I've got stop
writing kids well that's a different message but we can still team up yeah it
seems so anti what you guys are trying to do though I just read in defamers that
we're doing a prod a secret project together and I think that should be it
stop writing kids let's let's stop start writing kids together so your charity is
just like telling kids like really this is what you want to do it's where is the
story structure flagstones yeah it's about how the spec script is really dead
showing kids and show it you show them like 16 millimeter films of like writers
dying alone yeah exactly coming by also original art by Jeff and Dan and
myself I don't know Jeff if you remember but when we were first hanging out we
got drunk and painted some things we'll be selling those all right sounds great
also I was drunk I'll double check with Spencer but also old character sheets
and lots of lots of stuff so it could be Spencer stuff for sale anybody else
got anything to talk about snaps.com you know when you have to bring the
mail I found this crazy great site how does it work wait you have to go to the
post office because I'm sick of doing that look all the post offices are
turning into steak houses right right who's with me this guy knows what I'm
talking about that's the thing they come to your house I don't know I fast
forward to the first ten minutes of Marc Maron's podcast I don't know
Kevin Pollock knows Stamps.com too you know what this podcast doesn't do it
doesn't do advertise but we used to do Nike ads a lot we're definitely open to
it I just don't want any Stamps.com assholes coming around we want like I
want like Mountain Dew kickster or some shit I want Toyota I want fucking you
know what you mean here's the angle in South by Southwest I learned a lot about
marketing because people drive you around in cars that were like Chevy just
sponsoring like free rides you get in a car and they kind of required to kind of
give you a pitch about their car and I was sat in a car with these gals that are
Mountain Dew like marketing people Spencer you're a big Mountain Dew guy
yeah I'm wearing a Mountain Dew shirt right now see no shit see like Spencer should
do a Mountain Dew piece every like once in a while I think it just did it looks
like an upside-down mountain it's true like a reflection in Mountain Dew of a
mountain that's what your beard looks like it's like that too Spencer I mean
let's just do I mean it's not to put in a spot but you're an improviser you're a
Dungeon Master extraordinaire and extreme I think you know and it's an extreme
drink oh yeah could we could we maybe hear a Mountain Dew spot just kind of
riff one for us right now should it be like a weird D&D yeah yeah yeah yeah
climbing out of the pits of Skaldor your thirst it needs quenching as you rise to the top there's a vicious ogre the
kind of ogre that doesn't just take traditional hydration to defeat but the
electrolyte caffeine infuse fusion of Mountain Dew code red code red and yes yes
I would say I would say if we could go back the ogre's name should be thirst
right oh fuck I mean hey whoa whoa if we're gonna write this thing yeah it'll
be Citizen Kane but in the meantime I'm trying to make money my request is
Spencer does a an ad for this Sunday's charity garage I was gonna say first you
might want to do and like an anti-Mountain Dew ad you know what I mean so
that they so that they don't just feel like they got free publicity so that so
they can know they would know we'll unleash oh yeah valuable taste to what
they'll get if they don't be happy to drop one of the Mountain Dew ads if you
guys want to play ball yeah this is what it looks like if you're on our site
this is what it looks like if you're not let them know that you can bring the
sunshine you can also bring the rain bring the rain bring the rain
maybe an upbeat I don't even know what an anti-Mountain Dew
climbing up the pits of Skaldor you need to slake your thirst but with
something that's not gonna shrink your testicles where else can you turn but
see you're amiss
all right right now you're covered all right you hear us Mountain Dew I'm sure
you've been warned I'm sorry and now to potentially bring the room down can we
hear an ad for 826 sell a Harmonone all right yes yes give us an ominous D&D
advertisement climbing out of the pits of extra money you have lying around you
enter a lair full of knick-knacks thrown aside by people more famous than
yourself but can you truly clasp crap the grasp some of their glory and fame
just by owning some of their trinkets and items yes yes give me your money
all right and if you could do an anti one of those too that way
just to balance it out yeah you got you got now just just to kind of even
things out as we've been doing with you Spencer Mitch I want you to do an ad
for stamps.com but as as Robin Williams I really don't know how this idea that I
do Robin Williams start oh you want to lick something but it only cost 15 cents
it's a pretty nasty prostitute all right all right okay boy we're on a roll
this is bigger my cavalcade of stars I mean it seems almost incongruous to go
into but Spencer shall we dispense some character sheets and maybe play some D&D
for the good people well yeah we haven't discussed this you're back so does you
being back mean that you we you want to play a little chapter of D&D yeah sure
okay all right I don't know what anything means we played some at the
Harmontown one well yeah we did that was yeah but that was like the locals
yeah they don't know what's happening all right assume the same Harmontown do
you feel do you feel refreshed from your hiatus from yeah I mean I've never I've
never dm'd a game that many sessions without taking a break before so it was
starting to show oh no I know oh I'm kidding I know it all it all well you're
absolutely right I'll be the first which is worse it's cool it's cool Mitch I
respect your opinion as a professional so I don't get why that was a joke it's
it's funny I don't know sometimes some things don't have to be jokes to be funny
believe me if my house payments are dependent on it
what I just thought damn it's gonna go into a monologue about paying house
paying house payments with bad jokes it just seems like it's about Mountain Dew
now
tricking people into thinking you have insight you your mansion gets bigger and
bigger you invested in a cartoon studio which will be your undoing that's quark
that's it well I yeah I'm yeah starboards
there's Chris de Burgh's character sheet okay yeah no we're doing well we're
doing fine what is Mitch still playing the the Avenger or was it was yeah I
guess I guess Mitch should should reprise his role as my Falcon yeah that's great
because I just kind of hang out and just kind of that's good on your shoulder yeah
soar over me cast a shadow on me let me look up to you works on so many levels
all right all right so are we good to go we poised sure especially I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go David Bowie labyrinth hallucination theme on your things just
shake it up a bit all right all right last time on Harmontown after being
released from skeleton bondage and finding the Marsh Minotaur our heroes
began to plot their escape together with the Minotaur's aid the gang trekked
back to the hole from which they fell and using his teleportation cape Sharpie
quickly found himself topside the rest of the adventurers weren't so lucky and
and found they had to climb up Meredith the Minotaur's crazy ridiculous ladder
as they ascended they were beset by their greatest fears boomers long-term
relationships and not having the appropriate crafts more rain fell from
the ladder in terror but eventually the gang faced their fears and climbed to
freedom and then they all gathered around a fire while Sharpie sang an old
dwarven spiritual but what would they do now in the harsh unforgiving frozen
wastelands of the north and one of their skull curses let's find out this time
hopefully on an all-new episode of stuff they have at Harmontown
with a soundtrack that's getting a little Cagney and Lacey right there at the end
that Cagney and Lacey part kicked in right at the right time too
Spencer has an innate sense of that kind of stuff I want to make a bit about
how I want Spencer to be at my bedside recapping my blackout drugs but I know
I probably made that bit during some blackout drunk at some point and you
know he's been doing it for like three years yeah you don't remember that you
do not remember that every night Spencer skull curses I don't know I think I
called them skull curses the last time I did an intro but yeah I remember when
you got a you were you were on under court and then you're like you got a
you got to kill the Marsh Minotaur and then you're like what if we don't and
then they're like you got a you're gonna fucking die all right gotcha yeah so we
did it all right so are we with we're with merit meritus the minotaur right
now yeah and you're you're up you're you're finally above ground again in the
frozen wastelands of the north you're you're around this campfire you know
you're digging it you're kind of enjoying having climbed up this
ridiculously tall ladder she she starts pulling the ladder out of the hole and
then it's like looking around the ice trying to figure out where you guys are
and we put I take I take my compatriots aside well Marsh Marsh Minotaur
what's her name Maradeth is Maradeth yeah well she handles her ladder and I
go didn't they I think they put like timers on us didn't they wasn't there
some ticking clock like they know if the minotaur gets killed yeah but not but
now she's our friend we can't we can't just kill her can we why don't we why
don't we take her back and be like hey she's cool and maybe that they'll
understand right don't you think so well I don't know if you've met Sharpie
before but yeah he's he's not good with authority no but you're okay with well
yeah I mean it better better to do that then then kill no way she gave us this
shitty ladder it was just bad there's a bad ladder but it got us up out of the
hole it's the best ladder she am I still taking Puma damage or am I healed up
no you haven't healed you've taken a 20 20 damage my dick still cut off it in a
pit somewhere yeah well it's in the very pit you just climbed out of shit my dick
was down there hey can I use the ladder real quick guys we're we really are
taught you know we're tight on time okay I did you know I feel like okay how
about this I'm just gonna run down can I I just want my dick back we're in such a
hurry you're what I mean I changed I still have my old dick no okay I know
we're in a hurry and there's such a hurry and but I wonder maybe somebody
will have some power that regenerates sticks we got a magic dick don't worry
about it I don't want a magic dick I want my dick I know how to work magic with
it all right fine but can we promise once we're done we'll come back and grab
my dick I don't think we can promise that only we had being the only we had a
being that could fly down and grab Falcon adventure down after the that's so
funny cuz I just went down there and there was this kind of thick but short
worm oh my god was it circumcised I'm so sorry what did you do with it well
what do birds do with words oh my god were you the early bird
did you get my morning what the good news is it was fine when I vomited into
my children's mouths adventure you have children yeah yeah okay yeah
bearing the lead let's focus on I mean we just never had to talk about our
personal lives no I know I know I know I want to all the time and I feel like I
oh Jacob is 11 okay did he eat my dick 11 year old
he regurged he really ate re swallowed walk just keep an eye out on there's two
by the way he wants to write really wants to write he wrote it he wrote a
community you wrote a spec community I think it was very good but would you
mind reading it absolutely no problem yeah I mean it's like a season's book
forest back yeah yeah yeah it was heavy on Jonathan Banks what season was that
that's this one oh it's this one yeah okay so he's he's watching him I guess
all right so we're leaving the dick know that at this point really the dick
has been I in game time I think the dick's been severed so long it doesn't
attach but you're thinking like a modern person like it like my Falcon says
it's you have more more chance of growing magically a new dick than you do
have like surgically doing anything with that yeah I have a backpack and a
sewing kit but I don't have the dick no I know if you guys want to go back
down that magic ladder nobody he said it's lousy there's no dick no dick I go
up to Meredith I say Meredith look here's the deal we were there was a
contract out in your life basically and we were we're supposed to kill you but
you saved our lives more or less you got us out of the pit we're not gonna do
that good we're gonna take you back to the to the people and I mean is that the
way to do this well we also have what did they do they cast a spell on us or
something our souls very souls if we if we don't if we don't if you're not dead
within a certain period of time like we we basically die we're fine with that
because I fucking hate authority I'd rather die than do anything that these
assholes want me to do but I'm just wondering if you can think of help us
think of any solution to this all right terrific of all the people that be a
hero for ever on your souls yeah that's like a timer I don't know man you'd
have to you know deal with something someone crazy magic to try and knock
that off are you crazy magic no no but you know somebody no no yeah you do I
just know that there's magic that exists and sounds like you got magic and other
magics can you're right okay we got to get these bombs spell bombs diffused from
us before the deadline aren't you a magician can't you don't you have any
spells that can do this yeah I cast Charmed Squirrel I'll be the first to
admit I'm just you know I'm kind of new at it out he's open-miking what about
the Terragon are we still dealing with we have to go to Paradise and find the
Terragon of virtue to get to lift to Christopher Spell too because it sounds
right to me I've got a couple things going on yeah but one of those is just
getting lower on the top we are not gonna be able to do all of these we can
Meredith do you know where Paradise is can we use ladder get us to Paradise
well if we found it we could probably get up there with the ladder yeah but I
don't know where it is it floats around does it exist it's it's on this
physical plane yes above us yes we just have to find it yes okay what kind of
creatures do business with them there but they must have imports and exports I
don't I don't know people I guess people probably live there you've heard of
them adventure to go fly around and do some recon for me I could just show
adventure yeah go up in the air fly around until you bump into a paradise
I'm gonna go look for it and again I won't be able to pick up your thing I
don't mean to beat a dead no no no no I can't do it I can't do it now they want
me to do this thing where I fly around okay all right well in your travel if
you happen to see one just grab we're gonna get you such a nice magic dick
you're gonna knock you're not gonna I don't want a nice magic dick I just want
my dick we're really in a big hurry all right if you ever do want to save time
you know there's this thing called stamps.com I just want to really quickly
just go for one more time sending sending letters is getting faster and
faster all right so I fly up I fly up I have no sheet or anything but I just
fly up and I I'm communicating with with one of these earthbound creatures yeah
yeah your friend whoa what is that whoa what the heck is this thing is it a
dick paradise you look for paradise it's like a this is like a it's almost like a
really nice condo development paradise gardens it says but that could that be
it yeah they have a 24-hour health club yeah so you see that you with your your
your hawk eyes that's just floating in midair apparently you see that and then
you you feel like you should return and report what you saw
guys my hawk says he saw a city that could be paradise but he fucks around a
lot like it could be a bit too I can't tell it's not a bit no it's not a bit
it may but it does look like a condo development how high off the ground is
it you know I can do it in wing flaps it's like 28 I don't even know like 28
hundred a wing flaps what is that what is that even translated to Spencer how
many how high is it you look to 28 we flaps or whatever high and you see
nothing you wonder what the natural landscape and environment and temperature
normally is for a hawk it's probably not freezing so it's not crazy higher is
or he's nuts because he's crazy high or there was a there was a headwind or
there's a hand have you ever flown I mean did you know anything about it no how
many flaps do you think it but I would say all right if you want a number I
would say it's about 200 my hawk has lost it we got a we got a just
traipse across this fucking tundra until we either die or come to a place where
somebody can help us get find paradise yeah what a terrible Cocoa nearby
Cocoa's here that's how I call her now I jump on Cocoa when I and I ride off
trying to scout alright you know in what direction all all so just like a
rapid slowly increasing circle like a spiral seems inefficient but go for it
there she is oh there she is there she is
oh there she is a little further now uh-huh away much farther each time away
from the hole mm-hmm it's my the way I live my life away from the hole towards
like think about it the like the place where the we're where I would think the
most tarragon would be maybe like the greenest north northeast northeast you
head northeast for some time you don't really see anything until until you might
see something yeah until you happen upon a brown sack he should take that Adam
Goldberg's ringer which was his mom saying you're okay Adam Goldberg's ring
tone is an older woman's voice saying just tell him you're doing the best you
can stay true to yourself if they don't like you then they shouldn't have been
your friends in the first place I don't think Adam needs to be told to be true to
himself if anything he's got that down exactly I'm sorry I find a brown sack
yep brown sack and you see it from your horse it's one of the only things that's
anywhere in the snow okay I dismount I give cocos me in a very quick brush just
to let her know that I still have her in mind and I approach the sack and I I
inspect it it looks like it has a writing on it it does have writing on it
it's written in gnomish though it says Mountain Dew if you guys are do you read
gnomish how we pay the bills I read I read Elvis okay so you can't read it
some gnomish letters that you can't understand well it's definitely a sack
okay I pick up the sack I put it on cocoa and I return to the party that
happens so anyways that's how you tie a rope
10 cc I think it's a Tennessee yeah I was just finishing my famous doctor
Tennessee joke I recognize the writing on that is gnomish
Jeff who's Jeff motherfucker yeah you the Quark I'm a litter I can't read my own
culture I guess no shit do you know like are you in touch with anybody you
could talk to we flashback to Quark as a little kid we didn't not gonna get me
anything when did we establish that he was illiterate it's actually not it's not
either anymore my old character she I am oh yeah that's right because you have
finder pathfire barbarians aren't illiterate does he does he so yeah
you're good now oh we change books I learned how to read yeah that's how it
goes yeah so you can read it it's like a fucking Keanu in matrix that's how you
learn how to read what can we know I got a reaps can read are you cool with that
sir never heard anyone say that that's pretty amazing knowledge that you
remember that my son's like that should be rewarded more than us yeah this guy
knows it's Spencer's world you're just remembering a tiny moment I pick up the
bag and go guys I can't read and I look at it go whoa I I know no dish sound it
out huh sound it out it says Bill Mardigan's
apparently it belongs to God and Bill Mardigan maybe it's the name of a
Irish pub no can you tell me where he abides I'm being Shakespeare or
something you know can you tell me where the solicitor abides that's a
Bill and Ted yeah okay Quark you recognize Bill Mardigan's as a as a
gnomish as a gnomish name you know you haven't you're not in touch with your
gnomish roots so you don't really know what it is but it definitely it rings a
bell and you're in your vernacular I open the sack you open the sack and out
pours golden light whoa that's all you can see it's golden light I bend
backward at the hip like dodging the light that happens happens you guys
see golden lights billy nobody does golden light like Bill Mardigan's I just
want to and I know I've been plugging a lot Bill Mardigan's calm for the best
golden light they do it best yeah they'll come to your house if you want
light and you want it golden there's only one place to go get a sack of
friendship what's it what's in the what's in the bag
Mardigan's
yeah so there's golden light up in this bag it's just pouring out you can't even
see into it because it's so bright well I reach into the bag you reach into the
bag and you feel around it feels like like a solid dirt ground like you're
reaching into the ground all right it's really good you guys can we try and put
the gold back in the bag it's light I'll ask the question again
can you put it feels like ground at the butt is it does it feel like there's a
spatial differential like like if you reach your hand all the way down into
the bag does it like Mary Poppins bag is that what you're asking yes it's like
Mary Poppins bag it's like that would have high knowledge of magic well okay
someone tell me who's seen Mary Poppins what is just a bag because as far as I
know here's how that movie goes yeah fix the dance some chick shows up flies
around an umbrella you don't remember her and everyone dies oh she's got a
wonderful bag I've never seen Mary Poppins but what does it mean what does it
mean it just means that with it where everything can fit it's bigger than it
yeah it's like a bag of hold it yeah infatude what did you say I may have
said that I don't know what it's like in there did you didn't Mulrainee didn't you
say it felt like earth or dirt inside it yeah it feels like dirt so pull some
dirt out I don't want you to tell me what to do I reach into the bag and grab
the earth that she feels yeah you can dig in with your finger nails it's not
like a loose soil it's like packed dirt ground but you can get a bit grab so I
pull out again does anyone have detect magic obviously it's a magic thing yeah
so detected I don't have detect magic I it's been detected it's a fucking bag
that doesn't go by bag rules so you reach in it there's magic bag save a
spell I pull out some of this dirt and want to hold it up look at it it looks
like dirt I throw it and I spit and I I twirl I twirl around into the tundra
I poke my leg about my dad I poke my head confident in my knowledge of that
that built Bill Martin he's like the HBO guy but I poke my head going I poke my
head in the back you poke your head into the bag and you find yourself in a
warm city bathed in golden glowing light guys I poke my head in the back I
think we found paradise in a bag it's in a bag paradise in a bag get in there can
we fit in there that's I thought that was if you want to find paradise you go
to Bill Martigan's let's go in guys wait can we fit in there yeah we get
a whole city it's a whole it's a whole beautiful city in here but if we go in
there then we're in a bag that anyone yahoo can just find like we did is it
should we should we first find a place to secure this bag my recommendation is
we dig a three by three hole we're talking in Minecraft terms like we put
it we put it down at the bottom and then we all go into it well no one can
maybe we should put your whole life you've been trying to get away from
holes right I mean isn't it I don't think I'm just that's a reprise that's not
my take someone died you called back somebody nobody nobody yeah one of us
could wait while while the rest of us went out and I mean this bag is sitting
out in the middle of the time yeah who's gonna what's the worst they're gonna do
with it they're gonna stick their hand in it and they're gonna get in a big
argument about what it is come in or they'll leave it there it's like a
portal probably right maybe it's a portal it's not really doesn't have any
to do with what you don't stay in the bag yeah maybe how do we get out of the
bag that we have that ladder we should use the ladder so that we can climb back
out of the bag okay the ladder of fears I volunteer to go into guys yeah guys I'm
gonna I volunteer to go into this bag and God devil may care why don't we send
you and the bird because the bird can fly and fly back out of the bag okay
not to be this person but I wanted to go in the bag a long time ago I want to
go in the bag she did find the bag and I would like to go into it okay I take my
foot out of the bag and go sorry and I do it like yeah and I like puff my chest
out as much as I can all right go ladies first go ahead more right all right
jump into the motherfucking bag head first mouth open
seems unnecessary always always make an entrance I get that yeah all right you
dive into the bag head first mouth open you find yourself in this warm city you
find yourself jumping out of a similar bag into this warm city you hear the
sounds of chirping birds and babbling brooks there's a small gnome sitting on
a small toadstool smoking a small pipe and fiddling with a comically large
shoe buckle it's Bill Mardigans hi me my friends were looking for the Tarragona
virtue you are you're a Europe you're a person you're a you're a I'm a bewildered
I also wonderland what's the greetings I'm fizz bulb
hey fizz bulb what it what is this place and do you know a Bill Mardigan this
is Bill Mardigans the town that's everywhere welcome thank you thank you
I am I able to call up to my friends yeah you you jumped in here through a bag
and then there's a similar bag on the floor that you climbed up out of to get
here you could probably shout into my head out yeah it's like the ending to
seven I just shit my pants I just shit in my pants it's real warm
you guys gotta come down why is she so out of breath no it was awkward we were
in the middle of her funeral if you if you go down the back do you come up out
of the bag I I open the bag and call down is the back that you're coming out
of upside down or is it right side up yeah I cinch it and throw it no I'm
kidding I'm kidding let's go in guys go in the bag everybody all right who who
wants to I mean I go I goes next I mean you're already kind of half in the bag
yeah all right I go I go I go I go down head first math open nuts up ass-wide
yeah ankles deep ball nuts nuts up guys I got my ankles by my hand I gotta
fight I'm laying I'm ready I'm huffing a tape head cleaner to dilate my asshole
as I go as I go in that's a thing I learned from the gay community great
attitude great open mouth nuts up attitude I love it yeah I'm an advocate I
go in this bag an advocate faggot neighbor is that you is that what that
huffing thing is called there's another neighbor poppers all right I jump in
also with my hole hole where my penis used to be that happens also you guys
jump through into the Bill Martigan's sooner sooner all there yes we're all
there now so wait this place is called Bill Martigan's this realm this place
yes are you bill no I'm fizz bulb all right I mean how would I know that
this ball what is this place this is Bill Martigan's the town that's
everywhere the town that comes with a side of coleslaw and cornbread are we
is this paradise no I like to think so though all right enough physical don't
fucking sell us on this town who's Bill Martigan this is Bill Martigan okay if
that's the name of the town it's not a person no well it might be a person
let's not rule that out I don't know I just know it's the town that I love so
much what goes on here at Bill Martigan there's all sorts of fun there's smoking
and riddles and horseshoes one of those things that or it's a fuck it's a fun
record there's no education yeah that's perfect because I wanted to smoke you
wanted to do horseshoes and you wanted riddles and people like we're gonna have
to make three stops and we all want cornbread yeah I don't have a lot of
time he doesn't have a lot of money what what what doesn't I mean like you're
clearly a guy that loves living in Bill Martigan's what doesn't this town have
what's what's your main problem with Bill Martigan's I don't have any problems
with Bill Martigan's did you know you got a little ominous there fist ball
Bill Martigan's is a place without problems okay hey I buy it all right
why is there one tear running down your face right that's just part of my charm
fizzbot is there do you do you sit here or do you guide people around yeah you
can't come in without answering a riddle oh I was hoping we'd get to the
smoking part I love riddles as I know myself so now we are sorry I already we
can't get in without answering a riddle but we already know from his sales pitch
that our reward will be either horseshoes or smoking or more riddles it's
just riddles for more riddles guys guys guys this is a terrible town it's in the
bag I'm a gnome I'm a gnome I love smoking and riddles this is a slam
duck give us your best shot there fist ball I don't really like this one but
what has four and then two and then three I don't really like riddles the number
four hundred and twenty-three yeah that's the actual answer
he does a flip Oreo tower with eggs wait stop what the number four hundred and
twenty-three yeah it has a four then a two then a three but also isn't that an
analog for the riddle of the sphinx yeah and everyone answers that way my
personal favorite answer is a gnome with an engorgement potion wait what penis
penis oh my god you have that no it's a riddle I mean I want an engorgement
portion you should go to bill martigans for fucking great if you want a brand
new dick you go to bill martigans wait so it has four things riddles smoking
horseshoes and a replacement penises no just potions of engorgement and other
stuff there's post we got all sorts of potions all right well let's go right
well it's 10 o'clock we made it we made it into bill martigans it looks like
that's a cliffhanger huh yeah maybe we can get like a beeper and it'll buzz when
when you're ready yeah I don't know how to close the show
I'm fizzball what so now that we have access into bill martigans what what
lays in store lies in store lay lay lies I mean it's a it's a lovely place there's
all sorts of stuff lying in store is this ski ball there's ski ball what's that
there's when you go to checky cheeses and they have the thing it's like it's
like rolly horseshoes oh like rolly horseshoes yeah that is the best
description of ski ball I've got the pitch was rolling horseshoes you like
horseshoes but you don't think it's rolly enough ski ball yeah micro bowling
no it it no horseshoes yeah guys looks like looks like we walked into to a nice
bag and we're wearing a warm city full of whimsical creatures yeah I don't know
how else we could I mean we you know we have to still end the show all of your
skulls burn red hot with a blinding surge of pain right so close to being out I
can't yeah you're just dizzy momentarily as this pain is just throbbing
through you and then it received Jesus seeds you still feel a burning in your soul
shooters you don't want to use the the old shrimp shooters wait did it maybe
disabled the soul bombs you don't know man I think that was a reminder not not
not comfortable it sounds like the shot clock is ticking right now and our
skull curses are so I think it was like when they do a fun ex files like an
episode but they felt like it was too fun so they end with the smoking guy like
looking at a car that is exactly perfect that would happen it was just
like a fun one where a guy's too lucky and at the end I guess that guy was made
out of algae yeah and they're like yeah but for a reason yeah coming thank
you once again everybody one more time Mitch Hurwitz Erin McGathy special
crittenden Kumail Nanjiani I'm Jeff Davis your mayor of course Dan Harmon
thank you one at all